# Безопасность приложений

- What is CI/CD pipeline?
- Vulnerabilities represent 50% of Application Security pen test findings, what’s the other half?
- Can you explain what is business logic error and what does that have to do with application security?
- Describe the last program or script that you wrote. What problem did it solve?
- Can you briefly discuss the role of information security in each phase of the software development lifecycle?
- How would you implement a secure login field on a high traffic website where performance is a consideration?
- What are the various ways to handle account brute forcing?
- What is cross-site request forgery?
- Can you explain the hardest application security challenge you have worked with and how did you overcome that?
- How does one defend against CSRF?
- If you were a site administrator looking for incoming CSRF attacks, what would you look for?
- What’s the difference between HTTP and HTML?
- How does HTTP handle state?
- What exactly is cross-site scripting?
- What’s the difference between stored and reflected XSS?
- What are the common defences against XSS?
- You are remoted into a headless system in a remote area. You have no physical access to the hardware, and you need to perform an OS installation. What do you do?
- On a Windows network, why is it easier to break into a local account than an AD account?
- What does user enumeration mean?
- Can you explain OWASP top 10?
- How would you secure a database?
- What are the common defences against SQL injection?
- How do see the obfuscated SQL injection in clear text?
- How would you secure the local access to database? Security architect
- Explain data leakage and give examples of some of the root causes.
- What are some effective ways to control data leakage?
- Describe the 80/20 rules of networking.
- What are web server vulnerabilities and name a few methods to prevent web server attacks?
- What are the most damaging types of malwares?
- What’s your preferred method of giving remote employees access to the company network and are there any weaknesses associated to it?
- List a couple of tests that you would do to a network to identify security flaws.
- What kind of websites and cloud services would you block?
- What type of security flaw is there in VPN?
- What is a DDoS attack?
- Can you describe the role of security operations in the enterprise?
- What is layered security architecture? Is it a good approach? Why?
- Have you designed security measures that span overlapping information domains? Can you give me a brief overview of the solution?
- How do you ensure that a design anticipates human error?
- How do you ensure that a design achieves regulatory compliance?
- What is capability-based security? Have you incorporated this pattern intoyour designs? How?
- Can you give me a few examples of security architecture requirements?
- Who typically owns security architecture requirements and what stakeholders contribute?
- What special security challenges does SOA present?
- What security challenges do unified communications present?
- Do you take a different approach to security architecture for a COTS vs a custom solution?
- Have you architected a security solution that involved SaaS components? What challenges did you face?
- Have you worked on a project in which stakeholders choose to accept identified security risks that worried you? How did you handle the situation?
- You see a user logging in as root to perform basic functions. Is this a problem?
- What is data protection in transit vs data protection at rest?
- You need to reset a password-protected BIOS configuration. What do you do?
