# Вопросы по криптографии

- What is secret-key cryptography?
- What is public-key cryptography?
- What is a session key?
- What is RSA?
- How fast is RSA?
- What would it take to break RSA?
- Are strong primes necessary for RSA?
- How large a module (key) should be used in RSA?
- How large should the primes be?
- How is RSA used for authentication in practice? What are RSA digital signatures?
- What are the alternatives to RSA?
- Is RSA currently in use today?
- What are DSS and DSA?
- What is difference between DSA and RSA?
- Is DSA secure?
- What are special signature schemes?
- What is a blind signature scheme?
- What is a designated confirmer signatures?
- What is a fail-stop signature scheme?
- What is a group signature?
- What is blowfish?
- What is SAFER?
- What is FEAL?
- What is Shipjack?
- What is stream cipher?
- What is the advantage of public-key cryptography over secret-key cryptography?
- What is the advantage of secret-key cryptography over public-key cryptography?
- What is Message Authentication Code (MAC)?
- What is a block cipher?
- What are different block cipher modes of operation?
- What is a stream cipher? Name a most widely used stream cipher.
- What is one-way hash function?
- What is collision when we talk about hash functions?
- What are the applications of a hash function?
- What is trapdoor function?
- Cryptographically speaking, what is the main method of building a shared secret over a public medium?
- What’s the difference between Diffie-Hellman and RSA?
- What kind of attack is a standard Diffie-Hellman exchange vulnerable to?
- What’s the difference between encoding, encryption, and hashing?
- In public-key cryptography you have a public and a private key, and you often perform both encryption and signing functions. Which key is used for which function?
- What’s the difference between Symmetric and Asymmetric encryption?
- If you had to both encrypt and compress data during transmission, which would you do first, and why?
- What is SSL and why is it not enough when it comes to encryption?
- What is salting, and why is it used?
- What are salted hashes?
- What is the Three-way handshake? How can it be used to create a DOS attack?
- What’s more secure, SSL or HTTPS?
- Can you describe rainbow tables?