# Общие вопросы

- Can you name some of the emerging cyber threats?
- Can you walk me through economics of cyber security?
- What parts of the information security should the organisations outsource?
- What security conferences have you participated over the past 24 months?
- Can you explain some ways cyber criminals are using services like LinkedIn?
- Can you name a few leading cyber security vendors? What do they do?
- What is information security and how is it achieved?
- What are the core principles of information security?
- What is non-repudiation (as it applies to IT security)?
- As a CISO how would you justify a security spent to the board of directors?
- How often should the information security be covered in the boardroom, why?
- What is the relationship between information security and data availability?
- What is a security policy and why do we need one?
- What is the difference between logical and physical security? Can you give an example of both?
- What’s an acceptable level of risk?
- How does Gartner rank the vendors in their Magic Quadrant?
- What are the most common types of attacks that threaten enterprise data security?
- What is the difference between a threat and a vulnerability?
- Can you give me an example of common security vulnerabilities?
- Are you familiar with any security management frameworks such as ISO/IEC 27002?
- What is a security control?
- What are the different types of security control?
- Can you describe the information lifecycle? How do you ensure information security at each phase?
- What is Information Security Governance?
- What are your professional values? Why are professional ethics important in the information security field?
- Is geo-blocking a valid security control?
- Are open-source projects more or less secure than proprietary ones?
- Who do you look up to within the field of Information Security? Why?
- Where do you get your security news from?
- What’s the difference between symmetric and public-key cryptography?
- What kind of network do you have at home?
- What are the advantages offered by bug bounty programs over normal testing practices?
- What are your first three steps when securing a Linux server?
- What are your first three steps when securing a Windows server?
- What are your first three steps when securing a web application?
- What are the security risks of IoT devices?
- Who’s more dangerous to an organization, insiders or outsiders?
- Why is DNS monitoring important?
- How would traceroute help you find out where a breakdown in communication is?
- Why would you want to use SSH from a Windows PC?
- How would you find out what a POST code means?
- What is the difference between a black hat and a white hat?
- What do you think of social networking sites such as Facebook and LinkedIn?
- Why are internal threats often more successful than external threats?
- Why is deleted data not truly gone when you delete it?
- What is the Chain of Custody?
- How would you permanently remove the threat of data falling into the wrong hands?
- What is exfiltration?
- How do you protect your home wireless access point?
- If you were going to break into a database-based website, how would you do it?
- What is the CIA triangle?
- What is the difference between information protection and information assurance?
- How would you lock down a mobile device?
- How can you check are the mobile application on your phone secure to use?
- Which is more secure Android or iOS, why?
- What is the difference between closed-source and open-source? Which is better?
- What is your opinion on hacktivist groups such as Anonymous?
- How would you explain the threat of deep fakes?
- Which one is more secure, a strong password or biometric authentication?
- What’s the difference between deep web and dark web?
- Why ransomware doesn’t affect the mobile devices?
- What is MITRE ATTACK?
- Should CISO report to CIO or CEO and why is that?
- What is pineapple device?
- What is Raspberry Pie?
- What is Kubernetes?
- What role does the AI and machine learning have in information security?
- What application would you use to securely communicate between mobile devices?
- What does proxy do?
- Can you explain man-in-the middle attack?
- What is the most secure authentication methodology, why?
- Why the IT and security teams don’t like agents?
- Can you name a few recent security breaches?
- What is GDPR and does it affect you?
- What role does the automation have in information security?
- What is the difference between SIEM and UEBA?
- Can give me an example of supply chain attack?
- Can you define what is APT?
- Why are the insurance companies paying out the ransomware demands?
- What are the top 3 countries in information war?
- Can you explain some ways the attackers are using AI?
- Why are the cyber insurance premiums raising? Cloud security
- Why are so many S3 Bucket’s breached?
- What does the shared responsibility model in cloud mean?
- What is the advantage of API over forward proxy?
- How would you secure the East-West traffic in the cloud?
- How would you secure the traffic between cloud services?
- Who is responsible for securing the data and users when using SaaS or IaaS services?
- Why are the containers vulnerable?
- What are some of the security risks for the organisation when using Slack or Microsoft Teams?
- Why does it take so long for organisations to move their workloads to the cloud?
- Can you name the advantages of cloud-based databases?
- Can you name a few security software tools that can help you monitor cloud environments?
- What are things to take into consideration when using public cloud instead of private?
- What is CASB?