# Сетевая безопасность

- What port does ping work over?
- Do you prefer filtered ports or closed ports on your firewall?
- How exactly does traceroute/tracert work at the protocol level?
- What are Linux’s strengths and weaknesses vs. Windows?
- What is a firewall? And provide an example of how a firewall can be bypassed by an outsider to access the corporate network.
- Besides firewalls, what other devices are used to enforce network boundaries?
- What is the role of network boundaries in information security?
- What does an intrusion detection system do? How does it do it?
- What is a honeypot? What type of attack does it defend against?
- What technologies and approaches are used to secure information and services deployed on cloud computing infrastructure?
- What information security challenges are faced in a cloud computing environment?
- Can you give me an overview of IP multicast?
- How many bits do you need for a subnet size?
- What is packet filtering?
- Can you explain the difference between a packet filtering firewall and an application layer firewall?
- What are the layers of the OSI model?
- How would you login to Active Directory from a Linux or Mac box?
- What is an easy way to configure a network to allow only a single computer to login on a particular jack?
- What are the three ways to authenticate a person?
- You find out that there is an active problem on your network. You can fix it, but it is out of your jurisdiction.What do you do?
- How would you compromise an “office workstation” at a hotel?
- What is worse in firewall detection, a false negative or a false positive? And why?
- How would you judge if a remote server is running IIS or Apache?
- What is the difference between an HIDS and a NIDS?
- Why is it so hard to monitor cloud traffic from the network?
- What is SD-WAN?