# Управление рисками

- Is there an acceptable level of risk?
- Is it a good idea to pay the ransom in when your data has been encrypted by a ransomware?
- What’s the most comprehensive security standard to manage risk?
- How do you measure risk? Can you give an example of a specific metric that measures information security risk?
- Can you give me an example of risk trade-offs (e.g. risk vs cost)?
- What is incident management?
- What is business continuity management? How does it relate to security?
- What is the primary reason most companies haven’t fixed their vulnerabilities?
- What’s the goal of information security within an organization?
- What’s the difference between a threat, vulnerability, and a risk?
- If you were to start a job as head engineer or CSO at a Fortune 500 company due to the previous guy being fired for incompetence, what would your priorities be? [Imagine you start on day one with no knowledge of the environment]
- As a corporate information security professional, what’s more important to focus on: threats or vulnerabilities?
- If I’m on my laptop, here inside my company, and I have just plugged in my network cable. How many packets must leave my NIC in order to complete a traceroute to x.com?
- How would you build the ultimate botnet?
- What are the primary design flaws in HTTP, and how would you improve it?
- If you could re-design TCP, what would you fix?
- What is the one feature you would add to DNS to improve it the most?
- What is likely to be the primary protocol used for the Internet of Things in 10 years?
- If you had to get rid of a layer of the OSI model, which would it be?
- What is residual risk?
- What is the difference between a vulnerability and an exploit?
- What role does cyber awareness have in information security?
- What is a tabletop exercise?
- Can you explain threat modelling?
- Why are the incidents relating to insiders more expensive? Security audits, testing & incident response
- What is the main driver for security audits and pen tests?
- Can you explain what a great scoping process look like?
- What is an IT security audit?
- What is the main reason why organisations don’t fix the penetration test findings?
- What’s the difference between high and critical vulnerability finding?
- What is an RFC?
- What is your favourite exploit?
- What type of systems should be audited?
- How would you bypass AV?
- Why are the roles important when testing API’s?
- What’s the difference in testing mobile and web application?
- What’s the difference in testing web application and API?
- Have you worked in a virtualized environment?
- What is the most difficult part of auditing for you?
- Describe the most difficult auditing procedure you’ve implemented.
- What is change management?
- What were some of the findings in one of your last times you tested an incident response plan?
- What types of RFC or change management software have you used?
- What do you do if a rollout goes wrong?
- How do you manage system major incidents?
- How do you ask developers to document changes?
- How do you compare files that might have changed since the last time you looked at them?
- Can you explain the three types of network review?
- How would you conduct a password audit?
- Name a few types of security breaches.
- What is a common method of disrupting enterprise systems?
- What are some security software tools you can use to monitor the network?
- What should you do after you suspect a network has been hacked?
- How can you encrypt email to secure transmissions about the company?
- What document describes steps to bring up a network that’s had a major outage?
- How can you ensure backups are secure?
- What are your thoughts on automated penetration testing?
- What is one way to do a cross-script hack?
- How can you avoid cross script hacks?
- How do you test information security?
- What is the difference between black box and white box penetration testing?
- What is a vulnerability scan?
- In pen testing what’s better, a red team or a blue team?
- Why would you bring in an outside contractor to perform a penetration test?
- What does PCI-DSS say about pen testing?
- How would you deliver a social engineering security test?
- Why is incident response plan important?
- How do you test the security of cloud services like Salesforce or Amazon AWS?
- What are the three first steps when responding to a ransomware attack?
- What does lockpicking have to do with security testing?
- How would you test a ATM or smart parking meter?
- What are the you biggest bounties you have earned?
- Can you name a few EDR tools?
- What is your favourite physical security testing tool or device?
- What would be the topic of phishing email if you would send it today?
- At what stage you usually engage with the developers?
- At what stage of development lifecycle, you should do the security testing?
- What is the difference between security audit and penetration test?
- Can you explain the biggest challenge while doing a security test and how did you overcome that?
- You managed to hack the smart thermometer in casino, how would you make your way to the high-roller database and back?
- Why is Tesla paying million dollars for bugs/vulnerabilities?